eight years after the first movie the
blind man has a daughter but some weird
guys are gonna try to kidnap her and
again norman is gonna defend himself
even though he can't see a damn thing
that's why today on the summarizer don't
breathe too
as soon as the movie starts we are shown
a house on fire with a girl walking and
passing out on the street but we will
understand this later because now we go
eight years in the future and the girl
is escaping from the best character of
the previous movie yes from the
rottweiler who chases her for a while
and though the girl seems to have
practiced parkour or something the blind
man ends up grabbing her pulls out a gun
and tells her that she failed the test
because apparently her name is phoenix
she's his daughter and they were
training survival methods or something
like that the important thing about this
story is that a couple of years ago the
house where they live burned down her
mother died there and all the photos and
memories she had with her were set on
fire we've met some incredible families
but this could be the saddest story
we've
we've ever seen oh and an important fact
is that the girl has a lock of white
hair and she keeps singing a horrible
song that her mother used to sing to her
when she was younger and you gotta be a
bad [ __ ] shake that ass for a tip if
you were bad [ __ ]
so remember those two things oh okay the
blind man won't let her go to the city
because he says it's too dangerous but
one day he lets her go with his family
friend named hernandez so they go for a
walk they visit the house to leave
flowers for her mother but then she
starts to hear strange noises
[Music]
anyway nothing happens there on tv we
find out that in town there is a
fugitive surgeon who is wanted for
children's organ trafficking and phoenix
dreams of living and playing with some
children from an orphanage at one point
she goes to the toilet and a strange guy
named raelyn appears and though at first
he doesn't let her leave then the best
character in the movie shows up and they
both leave but the weird guy follows her
in a van and they have a cooler as if
they were trafficking organs and on top
of that after dropping phoenix off at
her house hernandez runs into these
weird guys who are apparently a bit
crazy because they were in iraq and even
though it looks like they're going to
let her go and hernandez is about to
call the police the worst happens
[Music]
well the worst [ __ ] [ __ ] because
while phoenix and her father are talking
about how she wants to go to a normal
school and stuff like that outside
someone tries to shoot the best
character in the movie and on top of
that all the bad guys show up at the
door of the house and then the blind man
opens the door to feed the dog but it's
not there and on top of that it didn't
eat the food from before and on top of
that the guys broke into the house
anyway nobody cares that the weirdos
have entered the house or that the girl
has to hide nobody cares the important
thing is that the blind man finds shadow
and the best character of the movie was
killed
[Music]
[Applause]
this means war meanwhile phoenix is
about to escape from the house
still later the blind man shows up and
she has time to hide in some kind of
safe in the basement oh and while the
blind man is healing his wound the
blonde guy comes in to look for him ends
up putting glue in his mouth but the
brother saves him and they go to look
for the blind man then one of the bad
guys starts to fill the box with water
and grabs a wire to electrocute the girl
so the blind man appears and they start
to fight
[Music]
in the end the girl survives and the two
of them hide in a green house but at
that moment raelan starts talking to her
it's not me you need to be scared of but
the man standing next to you no i don't
know who he is but i know who he's not
then the blind man appears he gets hit
in the head and raelan shows him a lock
of white hair i can't believe what i'm
seeing yeah because apparently he's her
real dad a couple of years ago there was
a fire at her house the police blamed it
on him he spent eight years in prison
and the old man found her and took care
of her during all that time and when the
guys are about to kill the old man i
don't know how he manages to escape then
he ends up killing the blonde dude and
finally they go back into the house at
one point raylan sends his dog the girl
hides in a room escapes through the
window and the bad guys end up catching
her and meanwhile the blind man is
attacked by the dog and even though he
can kill it he doesn't and ends up
controlling it like caesar milan
but at that moment raelan grabs a bunch
of molotov cocktails that were in the
cooler and though this bald guy tells
him that his dog is inside raelyn
doesn't care about the dog's life he
says it's probably already dead and sets
the whole house on fire and it would
seem that the bald guy is a good guy but
it's all pretty weird it's really hard
to know who the good guys are in this
movie anyway the group escapes the blind
guy frees the dog because that's what a
man does jumps out of a window and in
the end escapes the burning house raelyn
escapes with the girl and the rest of
the team to an abandoned hotel there
they talk for a while he tells her what
her birthday is her mother's name that
she has no siblings and things like that
that her name is actually tara that
everything the man told her was false
and that now she's free to do whatever
she wants so the girl grabs her things
and leaves but in the hotel there's a
bunch of weird people and there's this
guy who was on the news wanted for organ
trafficking and child abduction run
[ __ ] run
but when she's about to leave someone
appears singing that song from the
beginning and you gotta be a bad [ __ ]
shake that ass for tip if you're a bad
[ __ ]
i love this song apparently it's her
mother who is alive the trauma she's
gonna have for life anyway they started
looking at family pictures but at that
moment we realized that her mother is
[ __ ] up
are you okay
yes
this is healthy golf blood no well
actually it's not really healthy to
cough blood because apparently the fire
burned her from the inside because in
the basement they had a drug kitchen i
guess the house caught fire because of
that and the smoke from the chemicals
hurt her heart so she's dying and the
only thing she can do to survive is
i need a new heart baby
what and the only compatible heart is
her daughters so they put her to sleep
and apparently they were going to do the
transplant right there meanwhile the
house caught fire i don't understand how
not a single fire truck or police car
showed up but what did show up was the
dog who is now his best friend and after
realizing that hernandez is also dead
she grabs a bell puts it on the dog and
makes him take it to the abandoned hotel
where his owner is meanwhile the bad
guys are gonna do the surgery and
apparently the doctor has to keep her
alive as long as possible so that the
heart stays fresh oh and remember that
the bald raoul seemed like a good guy
well he tells his other partner that
what they are doing is wrong but
apparently they are the ones selling the
drugs so they need the cook to stay
alive and now yes the surgery starts
well the surgery doesn't start at all
because the power goes out in the whole
building and the guy with the weird
hairstyle goes to see what's going on
[Music]
[Applause]
there the surgeon tells him he can't
work without electricity so the plan is
to grab the girl and get out of there
and meanwhile the rest of the team goes
to look for the blind man who is lying
in the water playing dead
the blind man kills all three and only
raoul is left but remember i told you
that he seemed like a good guy well in
the end he was a good guy he tells the
blind man that they are going to kill
the girl tells him where to go look for
her and lets him live at all this raelan
the woman and the surgeon escape with
the girl well actually the surgeon
doesn't because at one point he gets the
hell out of there [ __ ] this anyway he
doesn't get very far because the blind
man kills him after that he grabs some
cans with gas and the final fight
between the blind man and raelan takes
place
[Music]
anyway the woman dies the girl though
she fell into the pool is fine but when
she wants to approach the blind man he
tells her to go away that everything
raelan told her was true and that he
himself is a monster for all the things
he did during his life but just at that
moment raelan appears who apparently is
still alive stabs him then phoenix kills
her biological father and even though
she wants to save the blind man he
doesn't let her i can save you
and the protagonist of the saga dies the
girl goes alone to the orphanage she
liked to live with a lot of friends and
to be able to overcome all the traumas
that will remain from her childhood and
finally she is asked what her name is
my name is phoenix but wait
dashboard of course there's more because
in the post-credits scene the dog
appears and sits next to the blind man
in what looks like he's still alive no
idea that was don't breathe too comment
which series or movies you'd like me to
summarize for future videos see you
later
go to work okay bye
[Music]